
ANDROID
1. (in science fiction) a robot with a human appearance.

2. an open-source operating system used for smartphones and tablet computers.

Syn.
-- robot, automaton, cyborg, droid, bot.$
BAE
"Bae" is an acronym that stands for "before anyone else", or a shortened version of baby or babe, another word for sweetie, and, mostly unrelated, poop in Danish.$
HACKATHON
Coding marathon.$
HARRY POTTER
Harry Potter is a fantasy series of seven novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.$
HOGWARTS
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, shotened Hogwarts, is a fictional British school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen and is the primary setting for the first six books in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.$
LOVE
kya hota hai!!$
MICROSOFT
Microsoft is the world's leading producer of computer software. Microsoft was incorporated in 1981, but the company's roots go back at least as far as 1975, when the first commercially available personal computer appeared on the cover of Popular Electronics.$
MUGGLE
A person who is not conversant with a particular activity or skill.$
SAIFULLAH
Saif-ul-lah is an Arabic word, translating to 'Sword of God' in English.Historically, it is known as the title Prophet Mohammad (pbuh) gave to his companion
Hazrat Khalid Bin Waleed (ra) who was a great warrior.$
SAMSUNG
Samsung is a South Korean multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Samsung Town, Seoul. It comprises numerous subsidiaries and affiliated businesses, most of them united under the Samsung brand, and is the largest South Korean chaebol.$
SAURON
Sauron is the title character and main antagonist of J. R. R. Tolkein's The Lord of the Rings. In the same work, he is identified as the Necromancer mentioned in Tolkein's earlier novel The Hobbit. This word is also used to describe an evil, tyrannical, or widely disliked person.$
SHERLOCK
a person who investigates mysteries or shows great perceptiveness.$
SQUIB
1. n. A small firework that burns with a hissing sound before exploding.

2. n. A small, slight, or weak person, especially a child.

3. v. (of football) kick (the ball) a comparatively short distance on a kickoff; execute (a kick) in this way.

4. v. (archaic) utter, write, or publish a satirical or sarcastic attack.$
STATISTICS
the practice or science of collecting and analyzing numerical data in large quantities, especially for the purpose of inferring proportions in a whole from those in a representative sample.$
